hey kids to every rider here i made a
new world based on the Gargamel seed saw
this beautiful valley right near the
spawn and thought you know a grand piano
would look perfect right here so I built
one it's a full grand piano it's got
casters pedals you have your orchestral
style seating with adjustable height and
space to store your sheet music and
since I'm a fan of redstone I had to
make it a playable piano so C wants the
tap-dancing stops it's minor bug in
single player commands that it does that
it's a mine way and Sons piano and you
step on the pressure plates the right
notes play the boy Jack and you can play
it all the way through it's pretty easy
to make actually the there was only one
tricky part that was having two notes
right next to each other without running
any redstone out of the side I used a
trick that I haven't seen used elsewhere
so let me show you how it works really
quickly what you do is run the redstone
this way one note is over the back right
corner here and one note is over the
back left and you run the redstone 415
along and you take advantage of the fact
that something that powers redstone can
only power it for 15 blocks at the end
this block right here is to separate the
two lines and then run it into the note
blocks and because it's exactly 15 the
note on this side can only barely reach
this note and play it and it can't reach
this other note and vice versa works
pretty well there is a bug that you
can't play two notes at the same time so
I'm going to step on both of them and
listen to what happens the second note
only played once the first note once the
first notes pressure plate released but
it's good enough no one's going to be
doing serious concerts on this piano but
it was a lot of fun to make thanks for
watching